updated flax_basics in flax docs (#2686)
google/flax: docs/guides/flax_basics.md

Note that the above function has a quite verbose signature and it would not actually
work with `jax.jit()` because the function arguments are not "valid JAX types".

> We provide a handy wrapper that simplifies the above code, see [TrainState](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.training.html#flax.training.train_state.TrainState).

Reviewer: Nit: 

- Minor refactor. Also, a "train state"/`TrainState` may be uncommon outside of Flax, so let's keep reminding new Flax users that it's part of the core training API:

For example:

```suggestion
Flax provides a handy wrapper - `TrainState` - that simplifies the above code. Check out [`flax.training.train_state.TrainState`](https://flax.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api_reference/flax.training.html#flax.training.train_state.TrainState) to learn more.
```
